Many phones have currency conversion apps which are pretty useful when you're traveling.
This exercise deals with that example one.
In this case, we're converting US dollars into Japanese yen.
And the rate is one US dollar to 119 Japanese yen.
And we're going to assume that we're converting 40 dollars.
Okay, let's hand simulate to see if it does what we expect.
In the first line, we're declaring and initializing
a variable called dollars and we're setting the value to 40.
This variable is probably storing the amount that we're trying to convert.
Okay, on this next slide,
we have a variable called dollars to yen and we're setting that to 119.
This variable probably represents this conversion rate up here,
that one dollar is 119 yen.
Next, we're declaring and initializing a variable called yen.
Now, let's calculate the value that we're initializing to.
So here, we have dollars to yen which is 119,
and we're multiplying it by dollars which is 40.
I used a calculator for this one.
The result here is 4,760.
In the next line, that's what we display, 4,760.
So, did this do the right thing?
All right, well, we know that one dollar is 119 yen,
and if we have two dollars,
it's going to be two times whatever one dollar was.
So it will be two times 119.
And if we had 40 dollars,
it'd be 40 times 119 which is the exact calculation that we do here.
So, it looks like yes, this is correctly calculating the number of yen.